WIP: Large Clusters V2 (#479)
Azure/aks-engine: examples/largeclusters/v2/readme.md

#Steps 

##Create Resource Group

```
az group create --name <<resource_group_name>> --location <<azure_location>>
```

##Create vnet and etcd subnet

> > You only need to do that if you are creating the cluster in a non exitent vnet

Reviewer: non-existent?

```
#address prefix example: 10.0.0.0/16 (256^2 - 4)
#subnet address prefix: 10.0.1.0/24 (256 - 4)
az network vnet create --resource-group <<resource_group_name>> \
                       --name <<vnet_name>> \
                       --address-prefix <<vnet address space>> \
                       --subnet-name <<etcd_subnet_name>>  \
                       --subnet-prefix <<etcd_subnet_address_space>>
```

> > Depending on your cluster size you may need to create 2 or more etcd cluster. For exampl an etcd cluster for `events` another for everything else.

Reviewer: Depending on your cluster size, you may need to create 2 or more etcd clusters. For example, an etcd cluster for `events` and another for everything else.
```suggestion
> Depending on your cluster size, you may need to create 2 or more etcd clusters. For example, an etcd cluster for `events` and another for everything else.
```
